Prep rel 0.14 (#125)
roocs/daops: HISTORY.rst

Version History
===============

v0.14.0 (2025-02-13)
--------------------

Breaking Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* ``clisops``>=0.15.0 is now required.

> * ``roocs-utils`` is obsolete and has been removed form the dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``roocs-utils`` has been rendered obsolete and removed from the dependencies (``roocs-utils`` functionality is now provided by ``clisops``).
```
